Outline

1. Overview
2. Key Features
3. Getting Started
4. Accounts
5. Create Hackathons
6. Join Hackathons
7. Rewards
8. Smart Contract
9. Conclusion


## Overview

### Introduction

techFiesta is a vibrant Web3 hackathon platform that mediates between companies and creatives to foster innovation in the tech space. Studies show that a company can remain competitive in its industry through continuous innovation through hackathons. techFiesta, therefore, is a seamless attraction for such innovation-driven companies and top creative experts to meet and solve a common problem, increase their brand visibility, and have fun. Clients can improve their companies' competitive advantage through insights provided by participants. And participants get to showcase their skills, collaborate with others, and compete for rewards while exploring possibilities on a decentralized platform.


## Key Features


*Signup and Login*


Your first step as a techFiesta client or participant is account creation. You can quickly sign up using your Metamask, Apple, or Google accounts. Alternatively, you can simply use your Name, email, and password for authentication. Once registered, you can securely log in to access your dashboard's features and functionalities after connecting your account to your wallet.


*Connect your wallet*


With this feature, clients can fund their during the creation phase in order to reward the winner. And participants can receive their bounty for winning a hackathon.


*Dashboard:*


techFiesta's intuitive dashboard provides a comprehensive overview of your hackathon activities. For a tailored experience, the dashboard layout differs slightly for clients and participants.


*Setting:*


This feature opens a form of required inputs for you to fill out before you can create a hackathon or register for one.  You can update your profile information to reflect your current status. The profile customization allows participants to showcase their talents and enables clients to evaluate potential collaborators.


*Create Hackathons*


A client can create hackathons by filling out the project details including a description, duration, submission deadline, reward proposals, target audience, resources, rules, and sponsor details.


*Join Hackathons*


A participant can join hackathons and get rewarded by selecting a listed project on the techFiesta platform, fulfilling the registration requirement, and beating the submission deadline.

<!-- *History:* 

techFiesta platform incorporates a secure and transparent transaction system for seamless financial interactions. The smart contract initiates payments to participants after the hackathon duration is timed out.  You can track your transaction by exploring `History` on your dashboard. -->

*Rewards:*


Clients at techFiesta benefit from the creative solutions and innovative ideas generated by the participating teams. As a way of showing gratitude for this innovative creativity, Clients provide monetary incentives to the participants. This, in turn, motivates participants to deliver high-quality outputs and foster healthy competition within the hackathon. More so, the techFiesta platform creates opportunities for clients and participants to increase their visibility within the tech community.




<!-- *Smart Contract:*




techFiesta leverages the power of blockchain technology through the use of an ERC... smart contract. This ensures secure and transparent transactions, reliable record-keeping, and automated reward distribution. -->


## Getting Started


### SignUp / Login


On your techFiesta homepage, there is a blue colored Signup button below two sign-up options. Click on it to sign up if you haven't created your techFiesta account yet. You have the option of signing up as a client or as a participant. A techFiesta client creates and sponsors hackathons, while the participants are top talents who provide solutions for the Client's innovative challenges.
Once you determine your role, go ahead and sign up using your preferred account from the options. The available options are Metamask, Apple, and Google. If you do not have or do not want to use any of the above-listed accounts for your authentication, you can sign up with your name, email, and password.


Now that you have joined techFiesta, you will be required to log in to your account so that you can have access to your dashboard. So, click on the login button and select the account that you used to sign up. Your authentication will only take a few seconds, after which you can access your techFiesta account.  


## techFiesta Accounts
Your account has two major layouts: A header section and a container.


### The Header Section
 
Herein contained two components: the techFiesta logo on the left side of your screen and a `Connect Your Wallet` feature on the right. If you want to explore the techFiesta Homepage, click on the logo and it will take you straight home.


#### Connect Your Wallet.
 Look to the top right corner of your screen, and you will see the connect your wallet prompt. Click on it to select your preferred wallet from the listed options. Ensure that you follow through with your connection process as this is the only way you can payout rewards to participants, or receive payments from clients after winning a hackathon. In case you are not very familiar with digital wallets, you can learn more about them from the blogs on the right side of the wallet listing.


### The Main section


This section is best discussed under the two techFiesta accounts that are available: The Client's and the Participant's accounts.


#### techFiesta Client Account:
In the main section of your techFiesta client account, you have a sidebar containing two components by the left, and to the right is a container that displays the contents of the sidebar components.
Your sidebar components are: `Dashboard` and `Settings`.




##### Dashboard
Your dashboard has three sections: top; middle and bottom. The top section is a banner that displays a welcome message and contains your most important button as a techFiesta client. That is the `Create Hackathon` button. It is positioned in the lower-left corner of the banner. Before you can start creating hackathons though, ensure that you have connected your wallet and set up your profile. Ready? Now, click on the Create hackathon button and follow the prompts until you submit your project to the admin for review. Once you get to this stage, know that you have completed your hackathon creation process. So, you stick around your notification to know when your project is approved by the admin.


The middle section of your dashboard is a flex display of three cards, each containing one of the following hackathon activities: `All Participants`, `Ongoing`, and `Completed`. Think of this middle section as an executive summary of the said activities. So you get to have an overview of all the participants of your hackathons, your ongoing hackathons (which is by the way, one at a time), and all of your hackathons that have been completed, displayed on their respective cards. This section comes in very handy when you want to breeze in and out of your dashboard for a quick update. More so, each of these cards is clickable to reveal more details of the activities.




The bottom section of your dashboard has two columns. The upper one houses a search field in which you can readily input the name of your hackathon for a quick search. The lower column houses the display parameters for your search. These parameters include the hackathon's `Title`, the `Bounty` that has been proposed for the hackathon, the `Status` as active or ended, and the `Submission deadline` stipulated for the hackathon. So, with one search, you can have these really important details of the project displayed to you.


##### Settings
This is the second component of your techFiesta sidebar. Click on the settings to manage your account information; including your personal and company details. Ensure to save any changes you make in order for your data to be updated.



<!-- The information that is required for a client to complete their profile setup are your, Name, position, company name, payment information, profile picture and your company description. Once you are done filling out those, your dashboard will render to let you create a hackathon, and also to display your hackathon activities.  -->



<!-- #### *Dashboard View*

Your dashboard gives you an ariel view of the following activities; `All Participants`, `Ongoing`, `Completed`, `Reward Distributed`, and `All Hackathons`. You can click on each of these activities for more exploration. For instance, click on `All Hackathons` to view all the projects that you have launched, including closed project. You can further access and explore the details of each project such as; name, duration, description, target audience, number of participants and status. select a particular project, and click on the `participants`. This will reveal all the participants that have registered for that particular hackathon. There in, you can view the submissions and input scores for participants who have submitted their task. After the submission deadline, you then `confirm payout` for the hackathon winners based on your grading criteria.

The sidebar of your dashboard have `History` and `Settings`. With history, you can easily track all of your hackathon transactions, and you can generate payment receipt for each payout. And with settings, you can update your profile information as necessary.  -->

#### techFiesta Participant Account


In the main section of your techFiesta participant account, you have a sidebar on the left and a container that displays the sidebar components on the right.
Your sidebar has three components: `Dashboard`, `Hackathons`, and `Settings`.


##### Dashboard
This is the top-most component on your techFiesta account sidebar. It displays in a container of two sections by the right of the sidebar. The top section is a banner that displays a welcome message and houses your key to actually participating in hackathons on the techFiesta platform. This key is the `Join Hackathon` button positioned in the left lower corner of the banner. Click on the button to access all the hackathons that are listed on the techFiesta platform. Then go ahead to select and register for a project that matches your skill stacks.


The lower section is a flex display of two cards. Each card contains and summarizes either of these hackathon activities: `Ongoing` and `Completed` hackathons. This section comes in very handy when you want to breeze in and out of your dashboard for a quick update. More so, the cards are clickable to reveal more details of the activities.


#### Hackathons
This is the second component of your sidebar. Click on this component to access all of techFiesta's hackathon listings. The listing is displayed under the following parameters: `Company`, `Title`, `Status`, and `Bounty`. With these, you can easily view the hackathon title and select the company that you want to work with. You can also see if the hackathon is still active or has ended, and how much bounty the client is willing to pay.

<!-- ### Participants Dashboard. 

After logging in as a techFiesta participant, you get to setup your profile by providing your `name`, `skill stack`, and `payment information`.     The payment information section is a provision for you to `connect your wallet` in order to receive your hackathon rewards. You have the option to choose any of the `supported wallets`, and you can also `switch account`.
You can register for a hackathon, and also view your hackathon activities right on your dashboard. -->

## Create Hackathon
To create a hackathon, you have to submit a detailed profile of your intended project. The required details are the `name` of your hackathon; a `description` of the project; the `duration` of the hackathon, including `a start and end date`; a `submission deadline` which should quicken participants' engagement and your reward proposal for the hackathon. The reward proposal is basically the `price details` like the `prize amount`, `number of prizes`, and `the winning criteria` that you will fill out while creating your hackathon.
Other required details of the hackathon creation profile include your `target audience`, `resources` that participants will use for execution, `rules and regulations` of the project, and the `sponsor details`.
Once you provide all of this information, you will submit the proposal for approval after which you can go ahead and `launch`. You can decide to either launch immediately, schedule your launch, or save the project to your draft until you are ready to launch.




## Join Hackathons


Click on the `Join Hackathons` button in the lower left corner of your dashboard banner. This will grant you access to hackathon listings. To register in a hackathon, go through the listing and select anyone that fits your skill stacks. Go ahead and fill out the registration form for the hackathon. Upon registration completion and acceptance, you will get a notification from the client that acknowledges your joining the hackathon. Once you are in, you can access the hackathon resources including the documentation and community. Ensure to submit your task using the provided link before the deadline so that you can be scored to get your result. You will get updated on your performance via a notification on the sidebar of your dashboard. Once you win a hackathon, you get the allotted reward paid into the wallet address you submitted during registration.

<!-- #### *Dashboard View*
You can have an ariel view of your hackathons activities right from your dashboard by looking at `ongoing` projects, `completed` hackathons, and your `rewards`. Click on any of the activities for further exploration. You can also access your payment from the dashboard, as well as update your profile via settings. -->
